Hi everyone, I'm Karan Gathani, I work in the Shiny team and for today's video we'll
be looking at some cool shiny party tricks wherein like if you go to a party and someone
is boasting about their achievements but you have nothing to share, you could actually
show these cool shiny tricks and like woo the crowd.
The first one we'll be taking a look at is a basic contact form or any form that you
would actually want a user to end up using and so in this case we have something that's
like a super basic form that most people when they are first using shiny they would end
up creating and they have these input text fields and how you ask them like a personal
information, the company information or whatever and this is very basic and it kind of works
but we can make it a lot more better, a lot more cooler if you ask.
Instead of that what we can do is since there's so many text fields we can actually end up
using accordions which end up condensing different sections.
So if I take a look at an accordion like this, let me run it over here and let me collapse
this.
Okay so a simple accordion form would look something like this when you can actually
fill up a name over here, the email, the phone number, you can hit submit or you can collapse
it and then you can separate it in different chunks and so user can actually focus on where
they are filling.
To make it even a step above, a little more professional, a little more classy, what we
can do is we can use a much more dynamic accordion.
How we do that is by, let me collapse this, let me run this, alright, okay so in dynamic
accordion what we do is the same way you would do an accordion but we end up actually
maximizing the usage of our accordion panel so we can actually have icons which says like
hey which are the accordion panels that need attention from the user.
In this case I have an exclamation mark with red which says hey these sections are supposed
to be filled up so you can have people fill up these ones and then on hitting the submit
button for like the person section, what I end up doing is I update the accordion
panel which the new title and the title is the information they ended up filling up and
then I also update the icon which is a green checkmark so in a way I just first glance
they know this is the information they filled up so if they want to go back and update it
they can do it.
The same thing for company as well, they can have something filled up over here and submit
it so now you can just looking and let's say you have a lot of accordion panels this
like in a glance it tells you which are the information they filled up and which ones
are left.
If you want to learn more about how to update the accordion panel feel free to read the
documentation for either the express mode or the core mode by going to the function
reference documentation and find out different things you can do to update your accordion
panel when the user has finished filling up that section so thank you for watching.